hi my name is Chad Luce I'm the
executive chef at Red Mountain Resort in
st. George Utah and today we're going to
be making hummus from dried chickpeas so
we're going to start by picking through
about three cups of dried chickpeas or
garbanzo beans on a baking sheet and
what we're looking for here is any
little rocks that might be hiding in
here once we've picked through there and
made sure that we're clean we're going
to add these into a strainer like so
we're going to rinse these under cold
water just a quick rinse under cold
water pretty easy to do
enter for our next step we're going to
add these right into a pot like so this
is the quick way to do this by adding
some hot water to your chickpeas so what
we're going to do is we're going to
cover these beans in about two inches of
hot water we're going to bring these to
a boil and we're going to allow them to
sit for about five minutes
then we're going to pull them off the
stove and let them rest them out of hot
water for about an hour once that's done
we have our finished product here and
we're ready to make hummus out of it now
hummus is something is very easy to make
very tasty very satisfying and very
healthy so we're going to start by
adding our cooked chickpeas into the
food processor we're going to add in our
extra virgin olive oil freshly chopped
garlic
some freshly squeezed lemon juice and
this last ingredient is optional
this is tahini or sesame butter now this
will definitely pump up the calories a
little bit but they're very good
calories so from here we want to just go
ahead and turn on our food processor and
blend this until well mixed we might
taste it adjust the seasonings a little
bit if we need to but here we go
about 30 seconds into the process you
want to take the lid off scrape down the
sides of your food processor just to
make sure that everything gets in there
and well mixed we're going to turn this
back on and finish processing after
you've scraped down the sides of your
bowl you're going to process the hummus
for about another 45 seconds to 60
seconds or until it's a smooth paste and
once that's done you may want to adjust
your seasoning with a little bit of
lemon juice or garlic to fit your taste
but this is ready to be served with pita
chips fresh vegetables tortilla chips
and makes a really delicious snack so
that's how you make hummus from dried
chickpeas